FF123 updates for permission publickey-credentials-create (#32135)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/http/headers/permissions-policy/publickey-credentials-create/index.md

The HTTP {{HTTPHeader("Permissions-Policy")}} header `publickey-credentials-create` directive controls whether the current document is allowed to use the [Web Authentication API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Authentication_API) to create new WebAuthn credentials, i.e., via {{domxref("CredentialsContainer.create","navigator.credentials.create({publicKey})")}}.

Specifically, where a defined policy blocks use of this feature, the {{jsxref("Promise")}} returned by `navigator.credentials.create({publicKey})` will reject with a `NotAllowedError` {{domxref("DOMException")}}.

> The {{jsxref("Promise")}} will also reject with a `NotAllowedError` if access to the feature is granted by [`allow=` on an iframe](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Permissions-Policy#iframes) and the frame does not also have {{glossary("Transient activation")}}.

Author: As per https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1870863#c8 transient activation is required for a cross-origin `create()` that is allowed by a permission policy on an iframe, but not otherwise (same origin, or for `get()`)

```suggestion
The {{jsxref("Promise")}} will also reject with a `NotAllowedError` if the feature is granted by [`allow=` on an iframe](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Permissions-Policy#iframes) and the frame does not also have {{glossary("Transient activation")}}, but only if the method is called cross-origin.
```
